Restructure the home page into a user guide (#193)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-repo-config-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## New Features

- New GitHub rulesets are provided with the recommended configuration to protect branches and tags.

> - The documentation is restructure in a more organized, easier to navigate, user guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The documentation is restructured into a more organized, easier-to-navigate user guide.
```

Author: Is this easier-to-read style really used? Shouldn't the last comma be kept?

Reviewer: Yes, I think the hyphened style is commonly used to combine 2 or 3 words when they work together as an adjective like in easier-to-read, easier-to-navigate, user-friendly, etc.
I don't think the comma is needed but I might be wrong about it.
